The scripts in this directory and its subdirectories provide examples of how
to install the NVIDIA Persistence Daemon to run during the system startup
sequence.

The install.sh script attempts to find an init system it understands, and if
it does, will attempt to install the daemon for that init system. While this
script understands a few of the major init systems, it is not guaranteed to
support all systems that the NVIDIA GPU driver can be installed on, and
is not guaranteed to correctly install the NVIDIA Persistence Daemon for those
systems that it thinks it understands.

End users or package maintainers may use the scripts in the following ways:

(1) Invoke install.sh to install the proper init script for the target system,
    if supported.
(2) Tailor the install.sh script to correctly install the proper init script
    for the target system, if not supported by the original install.sh script.
(3) Tailor the init system-specific configuration files or scripts found in
    the subdirectories of this directory, and install them via either the
    install.sh script or another mechanism.

The files found in the subdirectories of this directory are template files,
which are processed by the install.sh script to fill in the user under which
the daemon should run (see install.sh -h for more details) prior to
installation. The final installable configuration files and scripts are
created from these template files for every init system (in their respective
subdirectories) when install.sh is run with correct arguments, regardless of
whether or not a supported init system is detected.

The final installable configuration files and scripts are simply copies of
the template files with the "__USER__" string replaced with the actual
username.

The install.sh script will check for init systems in the following order:

(1) systemd
(2) Upstart
(3) System V

Since Upstart provides backwards compatibility with System V init, if the
install.sh script fails to install for Upstart, try installing instead with
the 'sysv' argument. This will force the install.sh script to only attempt
installation of the System V init script.

Finally, the install.sh script provides some other convenience functions,
such as:

(1) Install the daemon to run as a specific user
(2) Install the config file/script to a non-standard directory
(3) Uninstallation

